Dangling servicemonitor check (#547)
stackrox/kube-linter: docs/generated/checks.md

**Remediation**: Confirm that your service's selector correctly matches the labels on one of your deployments.

**Template**: [dangling-service](templates.md#dangling-services)
## dangling-servicemonitor

**Enabled by default**: No

> **Description**: Indicates when a service monitor's label selector doesn't match any pods. ServiceMonitors are a custom resource only used by the Prometheus operator (https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/operator/design/#servicemonitor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: Indicates when a service monitor's selectors don't match any service. ServiceMonitors are a custom resource only used by the Prometheus operator (https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/operator/design/#servicemonitor).
```
